# Team-7-AVC-Project
Calibration space for : Team 7 AVC Project 
Welcome to the team 7 GitHUb , All files with relation to the AVC project are located on here !

21st May - We started the testing for quadrant 2 due to difficulty of connecting to the network. The First Test with code was quite successful as the camera managed to detect (detects black) the lines if they’re present or not. Before we tested with the code, just plugged the cables on the robot, the Left wheel moving backwards (nothing on raspberry pi, the program hasn’t run), right wheel not turning. However, we have managed to adjust the motors but the values of the adjustments were off and was given an error value. The raspberry PI kept rattling during the testing.  

22nd May – During this lab we are trying to remotely connect/code the raspberry pi. During this lab there was a problem with the robustness of the robot. While in the box, the hot glued camera was removed from the robot (may need to reposition the camera somewhere else so another problem won’t occur). Raspberry PI not screwed on properly, one of the wheels were removed as well meaning that further testing will deteriorate the hot glue on the wheel. We removed the leftover glue from the robot. Testing how to remotely connect and run program, testing how to compile on own laptop (we should now be able to run it remotely now). Successfully completed Quadrant 1, gate opening (done remotely). We screwed the raspberry pi tightly and are now including bolts to keep it secure. We sanded the camera’s plastic body so the hot glue has something to adhere to. The wheels have been re-glued using the same technique of sanding and gluing for extra adherence. We have finalised the robot’s exterior. The shell still needs to be made through 3D printing to cover. We are currently using a badge for the robot to turn as a test run but may use a marble for final decision. 

28th & 29th May - Working on quadrant 2 and quadrant 3, so code will continue working. Both wheels working. Remodelled robot so that the parts are more robust and tightly secured. First build of robot, we used hot glue doing this would’ve cost us marks, since the parts we use should be able to be reuse them. With our new model, we discussed it once more whether we should use a marble or the DELL badge that we previously chose, we finally made the choice to go back to our first idea and use the marble. //why use marble 
